README.md, before:

A Linux XFCE theme that replicates the Look and Feel of Windows Aero.

## Preview


<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Aero-Glass" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82536182-86ec-4d97-bbd8-ad8b25dbf0d1" />


## Compatible OS + XFCE Version

- Linux Mint 22.2 - XFCE 4.18

(The theme's functionality may vary depending on the Distribution and XFCE version.)

## Manual Installation Guide

Download the `.zip` file at the ` <> Code ` Button and extract it to the local themes directory 
`/home/$USER/.themes`

Paste the `picom.conf` to the directory `/home/$USER/.config` and restart picom to apply the settings.

## Customizing the color and opacity of the menu, taskbar and window decorations.

- Right-click on the theme's root folder.

- Click "Open in Terminal".

- Type "./color-tool.py" and press Enter.

- Now you can change the theme's colors as desired.

- To save the color scheme, click "Apply" and then "Save Changes".

<img width="1271" height="979" alt="Color-Tool" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ec37397-a235-4e10-8486-3bf45ce9acb4" />

Commit message:

Revise README for XFCE version and theme management
Updated the README to reflect the tested XFCE version and added instructions for updating/downgrading the theme.

README.md, after:

A Linux XFCE theme that replicates the Look and Feel of Windows Aero.

## Preview


<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Aero-Glass" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82536182-86ec-4d97-bbd8-ad8b25dbf0d1" />


## Tested and Compatible OS + XFCE Version

- Linux Mint 22.2 - XFCE 4.18
- Linux Mint 22.2 - XFCE 4.20

(The theme's functionality may vary depending on the Distribution and XFCE version.)

## Manual Installation Guide

Download the `.zip` file at the ` <> Code ` Button and extract it to the local themes directory 
`/home/$USER/.themes`

Paste the `picom.conf` to the directory `/home/$USER/.config` and restart picom to apply the settings.

## Updating/Downgrading the theme to a supported XFCE version

- Right-click on the theme's root folder.

- Click "Open in Terminal".

- Type "./xfce-theme-version-switcher.sh" and press Enter.

- Now you can either upgrade or downgrade the Theme to your current XFCE version.
  
<img width="681" height="472" alt="Version Switcher" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54dc160b-511f-4501-80c1-093fdf2caa4a" />

## Customizing the color and opacity of the menu, taskbar and window decorations.

- Right-click on the theme's root folder.

- Click "Open in Terminal".

- Type "./color-tool.py" and press Enter.

- Now you can change the theme's colors as desired.

- To save the color scheme, click "Apply" and then "Save Changes".

<img width="1271" height="979" alt="Color-Tool" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ec37397-a235-4e10-8486-3bf45ce9acb4" />
